Ros integration (#42)
ignitionrobotics/docs: tutorials/ROS_Integration/ros_ign_demo.md

* [ros_ign_bridge](https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ros_ign/blob/ros2/ros_ign_bridge/README.md#building-the-bridge-from-source)

## Bidirectional communication

We can initialize a bidirectional bridge so we can have ROS as the publisher and Ignition as the subscriber or vice versa.

For example:

```
ros2 run ros_ign_bridge parameter_bridge /TOPIC@ROS_MSG@IGN_MSG
```

The `ros2 run ros_ign_bridge parameter_bridge` command simply runs the `parameter_bridge` code from the `ros_ign_bridge` package. Then, we specify our topic `/TOPIC` over which the messages will be sent. The first `@` symbol delimits the topic name from the message types. Following the first `@` symbol is the ROS message type.

The ROS message type is followed by an `@`, `[`, or `]` symbol where:

* `@`  is a bidirectional bridge.
* `[`  is a bridge from Ignition to ROS.
* `]`  is a bridge from ROS to Ignition.

Have a look at these [examples](https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ros_ign/blob/ros2/ros_ign_bridge/README.md#example-1a-ignition-transport-talker-and-ros-2-listener)
explaining how to make communication connections from ROS to Ignition and vice versa.

## Publish key strokes to ROS

> Let's send messages to ROS using the `Key Publisher` an Ignition Gazebo plugin.

Reviewer: It's technically Ignition GUI :wink: 

```suggestion
Let's send messages to ROS using the `Key Publisher` an Ignition plugin.
```

> **Note:** Make sure to have ROS, Ignition and the bridge workspace sourced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Make sure to have all workspaces you need (ROS, Ignition and, `ros_ign`...) sourced.
```

> * For ROS:  `. /opt/ros/foxy/setup.bash`

Reviewer: And since we're removing the other 2, we can just leave this one out

```suggestion
```

> * For Ignition (for source installation only):   `. ~/workspace/install/setup.bash`

Reviewer: Let's remove this since most users will have installed binaries. 
```suggestion
```

> * For bridge workspace:  `. ~/bridge_ws/install/setup.bash`

Reviewer: Since we don't explain how to compile the bridge, let's not confuse the user mentioning a workspace that they may not have. If they compiled the bridge from source, they will have instructions to source it there. Just a reminder here is enough.
```suggestion
```
